[FEATURE] Support close Idle connections when timeout (#714)
streamnative/kop: docs/configuration.md

| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------- |
| maxQueuedRequests | Limit the queue size for request, like `queued.max.requests` in Kafka server. | 500     |
| requestTimeoutMs  | Limit the timeout in milliseconds for request, like `request.timeout.ms` in Kafka client.<br>If a request was not processed in the timeout, KoP would return an error response to client. | 30000   |

> | connectionMaxIdleMs | Idle connections timeout: the server handler close the connections that idle more than this. like `connections.max.idle.ms` in kafka server. <br>**NOTE**: Set -1 to disable idle timeout. | 600000 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| connectionMaxIdleMs | The idle connection timeout in milliseconds. If the value is greater than the idle connection timeout (such as `connections.max.idle.ms` used in Kafka server), the server handler will close the connections. <br>**Note**: If it is set to `-1`, it indicates that the idle connection timeout is disabled. | 600000 |
```

Author: IMO, it may be clearer to change it like this?
Before:
``` markdown
If the value is greater than the idle connection timeout (such as `connections.max.idle.ms` used in Kafka server), the server handler will close the connections.
```
After:
```markdown
If the idle connection timeout (such as `connections.max.idle.ms` used in Kafka server), the server handler will close this idle connections.
```

Reviewer 2: @Huanli-Meng PTAL again

Reviewer: As confirmed with Kai, the sentence is to be updated as below:
`If the idle connection timeout (such as `connections.max.idle.ms` used in Kafka server) is reached, the server handler will close this idle connection.`
